imagine that because you don't have a
mate and you don't have any friends and
you don't have a job and you don't do
anything productive with your time Etc
that you're kind of a loser and what
does that mean it means compared to
other people you're not doing very well
hyper-competent people have their lives
together on all those fronts and they're
thriving in all those domains and you
are at the bottom of the hierarchy where
everything has fallen apart and you're
barely clinging to the edge of the world
there's a mechanism that sets your
perceived security and utility a marker
for that the lower you are in the
hierarchy which is the more unstable
your life is the less serotonin your
brain produces and that makes you hyp
sensitive to negative emotion and
suppresses positive emotion and so true
depression which isn't having a terrible
Life True depression would be a mismatch
between your actual competence and your
self-perceived competence